Add details to readme (#274)
webgpu-native/webgpu-headers: README.md

 - [Dawn](https://dawn.googlesource.com/dawn), Chromium's C++ WebGPU implementation library
 - [wgpu-native](https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu-native), Firefox's Rust WebGPU implementation library
 - [Emscripten](https://github.com/emscripten-core/emscripten/blob/main/src/library_webgpu.js) translates [webgpu.h](./webgpu.h) calls to JavaScript WebGPU calls when compiling to WASM

## Details

Here are some details about the structure of this repository.

### Main files

 - `webgpu.h` is the one and only header file that defines the WebGPU C API. Only this needs to be integrated in a C project that links against a WebGPU implementation.

>  - `webgpu.yml` is the main machine-readable source of truth for the C API and its documentation (in [YAML](https://yaml.org/) format). It is used to generate the official `webgpu.h` header present in this repository, (will be used) to generate the official documentation, and may be used by any other third party to designe tools and wrappers around WebGPU.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `webgpu.yml` is the main machine-readable source of truth for the C API and its documentation (in [YAML](https://yaml.org/) format). It is used to generate the official `webgpu.h` header present in this repository, (will be used) to generate the official documentation, and may be used by any other third party to design tools and wrappers around WebGPU-Native.
```
